fix: don't expose sensible data in proxy backend (#17959)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/selfish-carrots-sneeze.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-proxy-backend': patch
---

> The headers `Authorization` and `X-Api-Key` are sensitive and must be declared a secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marked headers `Authorization` and `X-Api-Key` as secret in order to not show up in frontend configuration.
```
